hi my name is a kami I'm going to show
you how to make sushi with nigiri sushi
maker
what it does is basically a mold so you
stuff the rice sushi rice inside of the
mold and then press it down so this
makes to sushi instantly what you need
is a ball of water in order to keep your
hands wet so the rice won't stick to you
and of course you need sushi rice
we have nori which is seaweed and fresh
summer wasabi and sushi ginger well
first of all you need to cut sushi nori
into a strip this is how you do it
as you can see there's a line running
along the nori this is how you fold it
along the line it will come apart by
folding it off like this take this piece
you need scissors for this one just make
very fine strips of about one centimeter
this is going to bind the sushi together
with the summer at any time keep the
seaweed away from the water otherwise it
will shrink okay I think we are ready to
make sushi get them all get your hand
wet good idea to keep the mold slightly
wet the towel so you want rice won't
stick take some rice and start stuffing
then take the pusher and push it down
simple as that
take this out and then when you turn it
around you have tabs one on each either
end so you just gently place thumbs over
the top and press just push it down like
that now you have a couple of city
rights there might be slightly jaunty so
just take take them away next thing you
do is that ply wasabi on the back of the
fish then Tarley upside down so the
wasabi side is hidden in order to make
it pretty
I'll also to make it bind together so
they won't fall apart is to have seaweed
strip over it and then gently wrap it
around they will stick naturally because
of the moisture that's coming from the
rice and fish here we are pop them into
the plate and serve it with sushi ginger
on the side and soy sauce